README.md, before:

## Project 
- Project name : Bibal
- Purpose : make a Java EE app which is able to manage a library after the UML design

## Prerequisites
- Install a MySQL server
- Create database named 'bibal'
- Update your login/password for the database on 'applications.properties' located under 'bibal-project/src/main/resources/'
- Make sure you have an IDE with a JDK, SDK who allows you to open a Java 8 Project

## Installation
- Unzip the project
- Open your IDE
- Open the project through your IDE
- Config the tomcat server through the IDE and run it
- Otherwise you can install it on your laptop and launch it directly on the terminal
- Run the Java project in parallel 

## Used tools
- **Java** v8
- **Maven** v3.3.9 - The tool which manages the dependencies of our project
- **Spring Boot** v1.5.1 - The framework which helps to make easily a Spring project
- **Bulma** v0.5.3- The front-end CSS framework used
- **Thymeleaf** v2.1.5- The server-side Java template engine used in HTML files

## Using IDE
- Intellij IDEA Ultimate 2017.2.5

## Made by
- BERTRAND Guillaume
- BOUGUETTOUCHA Khaled
- Students in 2nd year of Master's Degree in Computer Science Applied to Business Management

## License

CC-BY-ND

Commit message:

fix:readme.md: add mysql instruction

README.md, after:

## Project 
- Project name : Bibal
- Purpose : make a Java EE app which is able to manage a library after the UML design

## Prerequisites
- Install a MySQL server
- Create database named 'bibal'
- Update your login/password for the database on 'applications.properties' located under 'bibal-project/src/main/resources/'
- Make sure you have an IDE with a JDK, SDK who allows you to open a Java 8 Project

## Installation
- Unzip the project
- Open your IDE
- Open the project through your IDE
- Config the tomcat server through the IDE and run it
- Otherwise you can install it on your laptop and launch it directly on the terminal
- Run the Java project in parallel 
- Don't forgot to change Mysql credentials in application.properties 

## Used tools
- **Java** v8
- **Maven** v3.3.9 - The tool which manages the dependencies of our project
- **Spring Boot** v1.5.1 - The framework which helps to make easily a Spring project
- **Bulma** v0.5.3- The front-end CSS framework used
- **Thymeleaf** v2.1.5- The server-side Java template engine used in HTML files

## Using IDE
- Intellij IDEA Ultimate 2017.2.5

## Made by
- BERTRAND Guillaume
- BOUGUETTOUCHA Khaled
- Students in 2nd year of Master's Degree in Computer Science Applied to Business Management

## License

CC-BY-ND
